---
title: About Me
author: Caitlin
date: '2018-06-18'
slug: about-me
categories: []
tags: []
---

# ABOUT ME

To use a cliche CS50 phrase - Hello, world!

My name is Caitlin Weigel and I am currently an undergraduate at Harvard Univeristy, studying applied mathematics with a focus in government.

Growing up, math was also my favorite subject and the class that came easiest to me. I loved finding more efficient solutions to everyday processes and finding patterns in everyday occurances. Going into college, I wanted to find new and interesting uses for math, particularly in the world of voting and elections. This led me to a degree in applied math with a focus in government. 

Today, my focus still remains on using math to solve real-world problems. My current passion is focused on using data science in two spheres: NGO's and sports.

My love for sports started the same age I began walking. From gymnastics to soccer to swimming and every sport in between, I played throughout my life. And finally, the perfect sport found me - Rugby. I first took the pitch in 2013 and have never looked back. My accolades include the Girls High School All-Americans, Women's Junior All-Americans, and the varsity Harvard Women's Ruby team. 

Blending my love for math, rugby, and data, I am currently working on a mathematical model to optimize a team's line up based on the skill level of each member. I hope to complete a working model later this year!

Please email any questions (or compliments) to <caitlinweigel@college.harvard.edu>.